hey guys the rusted Phoenix here got a
couple of new things to show you i did
did go ahead and upgrade my motherboard
as you can see my cpu and my ram i'll
wait a little bit longer on the video
card i think last time I I posted a
video I said that the video card was
going to be the next thing I upgraded
but got an opportunity to sell my old
motherboard ram cpu for a good price and
there was a good deal on this
motherboard with the new processor it's
the i5 2500 k a really good bargain
processor i think right there great
price value i actually got it for 179 99
and then with the motherboard i got
fifty dollars off the motherboard so i
got this motherboard for a hundred bucks
when i got a fifteen dollar mail in
rebate so i'm just going to kind of show
you some of the things that i got
planned as you can see this motherboard
is really slick looking I like the black
PCB backer 1155 is the socket type z68
do plan eventually I'm picking up a
small SSD and running that hybrid
technology with a smart Intel Smart
Response SATA 3.0 with the six gigabyte
USB 3.0 on here it does have as you can
see the red the powered USB so I can
keep my phone or my my ipod charged
without having to leave the computer on
or even if the computer would i go on a
higher mater sleep mode and then i've
got the cooler master half 9-12 case and
on the cooler master website i can
actually buy a little front panel USB
3.0 that plugs right into that connector
right there so i'll probably trying to
pick that up before too long there's the
video card i try to get everything
wrapped up and closed up western digital
caviar black 500 gig hard drive it is a
set of 66 gigabyte per second
coolermaster hyper 212 cooler my DVD
writer go ahead and use that again
gskill ram its to time
for gigabyte modules for eight gigs
total the ripjaws x pc 1600 speed with a
cast latency of eight so hopefully i get
a pretty good performance out of those
as you can see i do have the rig pretty
well pulled all apart i've got a few
more things i need to pull out of there
the fan controller the fans and then the
rest of the power supply i'm going to do
some i'm trying to little something
different with the pain i think i'm
going to touch up the black on the
inside there's a few spots that got
scratched up or that I kind of missed
the first time I painted and i think i'm
going to try to find a blue to flake it
with and add kind of a flake texture to
the bottom so that when i put the the
cold cathodes back in it creates a
really nice little color fact so that's
what I'm going for I've had some
questions over this front panel the LEDs
on the front panel do they are both red
I'm going to change that I've got a
green and a blue but I'm actually going
to put in here as we can focus I'm going
to replace those and let me show you
it's actually really not i don't think
that difficult i'm going to pull this
off there's just four tabs that hold
this down so you can sit here there's
hot glue that holds these in i'm just
going to pull those out solder the new
ones on and i'll be all done hopefully
the air and get all cable tie back down
and a neat and organized and hopefully i
don't ruin anything hate to have to try
to find a replacement for that probably
get one off the cooler master website so
as you can see got a pretty well
stripped out i'll probably do another
video to keep you guys updated as it
goes and i might even try some video
editing finally and try to combine some
of these videos and one collective that
way you don't have to flip through three
or four different videos so thank you
for tuning in I'll keep you updated on
the progress or rested Phoenix you're
signing out until later